Fixing misleading Zenoh usage in try-some-example #5954 (#5957)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Installation/Ubuntu-Install-Debs.rst

-----------------

If you installed ``ros-{DISTRO}-desktop`` above you can try some examples.

> In one terminal, source the setup file and then run a C++ ``talker``\ :

Reviewer: I think “In a third terminal” on L116/L106 may be reverted to “In another terminal” as well.

This verifies both the C++ and Python APIs are working properly.
Hooray!

> If you want use anothorrer RMW implementation like Zenoh, set the ``RMW_IMPLEMENTATION`` environment variable to the desired RMW before running the nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use another RMW implementation such as Zenoh, set the ``RMW_IMPLEMENTATION`` environment variable to the desired RMW before running the nodes.
```

> you can see more details in the :doc:`guide <./RMW-Implementations>` on how to work with multiple RMWs.

Reviewer 2: i do not really think we need to mention `zenoh` here at all, but just there are other RMW implementations?

```suggestion
If you want to use other RMW implementations, you can check the :doc:`guide <./RMW-Implementations>`.
```

Author: Done! Both commits reverted and the RMW link added 👍
